feat(mux-player): add storyboard-src attribute (#522)
muxinc/elements: packages/mux-player-react/REFERENCE.md

| `debug`                    | `boolean`                                                                                                             | Enables debug mode for the underlying playback engine (currently hls.js) and mux-embed, providing additional information in the console. NOTE: Must be set before `playbackId` to fully apply to debug logging contexts.                                                                                                                                                                         | `false`                    |
| `disableCookies`                       | `boolean`                                                                                                   | Disables cookies used by Mux Data. For more, check out the [Mux Docs](https://docs.mux.com/guides/data/monitor-html5-video-element#disable-cookies).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | `false`       |

> | `storybookSrc`               |  `string` (URL)                                                                                                    | Full URL string for the storyboard asset. Typically derived from the `playbackId`, setting this attribute will overide the derived storyboard.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | `undefined`           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `storyboardSrc`               |  `string` (URL)                                                                                                    | Full URL string for the storyboard asset. Typically derived from the `playbackId`, setting this attribute will override the derived storyboard.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | `undefined`           |
```

Author: Thanks, nice catch.
